This year I have worked towards following my passion into the Rendering discipline while upholding my responsibility to the client team. I have taken responsibility and ownership over multiple large and complicated technical areas & features; I have demonstrated that I am a competent and effective engineer in both my technical and soft skills.


VFX System
The visual effects system was a newly proposed feature that the production team thought of as an extremely valuable feature that would unfortunately be a large technical investment - one that may not even be achievable. I was able to successfully lead the design and implementation of a robust content driven system that will provide a large revenue generating opportunity that will also make UFCM fun, exciting, and unique in the FUEL catalog. I believe that with this achievement I have demonstrated the following:

Capable of designing and implementing technically complex systems that are valuable to the project
Leading the development of large multi-team-dependent systems with members of multiple teams
Able to communicate complicated ideas to engineers, artists and management effectively
Capable of timely delivery of responsibilities
Capable and driven to learn new skills from other team members
Developed strong working relationships with team members both inside and outside of FUEL
Strong documentation skills that allow easy use for non-technical personnel


Asset Integration and Pipeline Development
I was tasked with implementing a pipeline that could import 3D assets from the CrEAte team into our game quickly and reliably. I was successful in delivering a system that allows smooth and easy iteration for our technical artists and producers. I continue to actively manage it so that updates and changes can be integrated and reviewed on an ongoing basis. 

Demonstrated responsibility for vital aspects of game development
Can work with team leadership to meet development and managerial needs
Valuable person of contact for external teams


Reliable Client Team Member
Throughout development, I believe I have been an important member of the client team. I feel that my contribution has aided in the client team being reliable, competent and diligent in quality development. I feel I have had a positive impact in these areas:

I have created several re-usable components that are used by the team throughout the game. This has allowed for well organized, reliable client code that can be written quickly and effectively
I have reliably delivered or aided in the delivery, of large, complicated features (My Camp, Chat, Store...etc)
I have demonstrated that I am capable and effective at assisting new team members in not only on-boarding, but feeling like a valued member of the team.
I have demonstrated strong personal skills that allow me to be an effective member of the larger team. I believe that I am an effective representative of the client team when working with members of other teams (server team, artists, gameplay, production...etc)
